and I'll play first the I mean it curves
I think this hand is just not good
enough yeah this is this is better I
guess I mean my my two cards are better
now I mean like Earth waldroup I maybe
should have just switched their dwell
worker for something else he's really
not good in this match hey this looks
like my my hand from game one now right
I won that game no good you know
creature no creature okay well I'll
trade for that one at least when Island
all right well well hell rider it up
here I don't want to brimstone the
priests I'd rather i mean i think i'd
even rather think twice then harvest
pyar like getting rid of the other half
of thing twice to kill it
sure thing looking a lot like Game one
actually so I believe he will tap down
my hellrider you will think twice but
knock me okay so we're going to hold off
on that harvest pyre in that case
because I mean I'm not under any
pressure here yet so I don't need I
don't see a rush to use all my henna and
all my cards as fast as possible so i
might as well do things for value now
we're gonna forbidden alchemy yeah you
go ahead and get that second hell rider
I think that's the clear choice
I'm going to take that and we'll see
what he does here but I'm going to
harvest power that second priest
I guess I should do it for four I want
to do this now can I do it for four or
not completely lose out like I want to
keep at least think twice a creature and
another spell for mystic retrieval I
guess I can't do that i can keep think
twice and a creature i think that's
because i want to give a creature for
the three for flyer right i think in
that case I just do it for two I don't
need to creatures okay so thankfully
that worked it was a bit of a risk ooh
ok so we're just going to go ahead and
hell rider and do a lot of damage
probably put us in reach with brimstone
volley enraged or an end
so you can chomp or go to sex yeah who's
at 6i think we just we just win unless
he's got some very good cards in hand as
we put in 24 and then have brimstone
volley next turn you would need to have
the plus two plus two pump which he
didn't have last her and I don't thinks
I'm pretty sure he would have used it on
the priest so unless it's I guess like a
a wall of some sort like which he
doesn't have clearly so I also raised
for but I think that I just win with
brimstone volley here so
whereas I guess he could have a removal
spell like smite the monstrous for rage
thorough so he goes to four meaning if
he doesn't block his hit the rim stone
ball if he does block it's with like a
the two one death touch and I get morbid
kill ya hell right it's good
or it could be that guy that's same deal
all right he's still just dead to
brimstone volley